

## **Quien es responsable de escribir los Unit Test?**

Unlike many other types of testing, unit tests must be written and updated by the same developers who write and adjust the application code. Unit testing is most beneficial for developers because once the test suite runs, they receive autogenerated, rapid feedback on their work.

## **Cuando se deberian escribir los Unit Test?**

Unit tests must be written at the same time as the main code. This timing makes the code loosely coupled and testable, and it pushes developers to think through edge cases (those that occur only at extreme operating parameters).

There is a common misconception that unit tests are a waste of precious project time. This may be the case at the beginning of a project―when your team has implemented only the initial set of features, every piece of the code is fresh, and you have no old code to worry about.

However, in a few months―or sometimes even weeks―the project grows, and with additional features to implement, you find yourself rewriting the old code more often. Developers and engineering teams commit hours to understanding how the old code works to ensure that each new change has not broken it. Gradually, the project slows down, and it becomes harder to add new features.

## **Cuando se deberian ejecutar los Unit Test?**

Unit tests are the first level of software testing and should be executed as early as possible—first, on a local developer workstation once any logically completed piece of code is implemented; second, in the Continuous Integration (CI) pipeline once code is pushed.

## **Cuanto se deberian demorar en correr los Unit Test?**

It takes seconds to run the whole unit test suite, allowing your team to regularly execute testing without slowing down the development process.

## **Ejecutar los Unit test requiere que la aplicacion sea ejecutada?**

A unit test does NOT require running an application. Your team can perform unit testing easily in an integrated development environment (IDE) or a command line without the need to execute the application as a whole.

## **Principios FIRST de los Unit test**

**Fast**

Tests should be fast-running. A whole suite of unit tests should take seconds to run. The faster the tests, the more of them you can have in the suite, and the more often you can run them. When tests run slowly, your team will not run them frequently. As a result, you may not find problems early enough to fix them easily, which limits your ability to clean up the code, resulting in a gradual deterioration of code quality.

**Independent**

Tests should not be dependent on each other. One test should not set the conditions for the next. Your team members should be able to run each test independently and in any order. When tests depend on each other, the first one to fail causes a cascade of downstream failures, making a diagnosis difficult and hiding downstream defects.

**Repeatable**

Tests should be repeatable in any environment. If unit tests pass when running one-by-one but fail when running the whole test suite, or if they pass on your development machine but fail on the continuous integration server, there’s a design flaw. Your team should be able to successfully run the tests on the production environment, QA environment, and laptops so there’s never an excuse not to do it.

**Self-Validating**

Tests should have a Boolean output and either pass or fail. The same test that fails now and passes later is flaky and compromises the whole testing suite. Flaky tests lead to negative consequences. Developers stop trusting tests and start ignoring them, and it becomes challenging to identify non-flaky tests that fail in a sea of flaky tests. You should not have to read through a log file or manually compare two text files to determine if a test passes. If they are not self-validating, then failure becomes subjective, and running tests requires a long manual evaluation.

**Timely**

Unit tests should be written in a timely manner―before or at the same time as the production code. Testing post facto requires developers on your team to refactor the working code and make additional efforts to have tests fulfilling FIRST principles.
